Translation corrections (#424)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/ura_005.txt

			NULL, "Even so, this is a gamble with poor odds.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s14/00/vt4bb_douji1019", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "いや、むしろ自棄っぱちとしか思えん。",

> 			NULL, " In fact, all I can think is those odds are completely desperate.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " In fact, all I can think is that those odds are completely desperate.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

//r自分が挫折して、諦めてしまったものを実現させる、あるいはさせようと力強く突き進む誰かに対して抱く、憧れと嫉妬が入り混じった複雑な思い。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "自分が挫折して、諦めてしまったものを実現させる、あるいはさせようと力強く突き進む誰かに対して抱く、憧れと嫉妬が入り混じった複雑な思い。",

> 			NULL, "Mixed feelings ranging between admiration and jealousy upon seeing someone pushing hard to make something that he had given up on happen.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Mixed feelings, ranging between admiration and jealousy, upon seeing someone pushing hard to make something happen that he'd once given up on.", Line_Normal);
```

//r迷宮入りの事件で手柄を立てようとするよりも、手近なデータ収集で確実に点数を稼ぐ…学者肌の小才子にはよくある保身だ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "迷宮入りの事件で手柄を立てようとするよりも、手近なデータ収集で確実に点数を稼ぐ…学者肌の小才子にはよくある保身だ。",

> 			NULL, "Instead of trying to take credit for an unsolvable case, he would earn points by collecting data that can be easily and reliably gathered... That seemed the more prudent means of self-preservation for a thin-skinned bookworm.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Instead of trying to gain credit by solving an unsolvable case, he would earn points by collecting data that can be easily and reliably gathered... That seemed the more prudent means of self-preservation for a thin-skinned bookworm.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f5e6d3>岡部</color>", NULL, "<color=#f5e6d3>Okabe</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s14/00/vt4bb_okabe1045", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…浅見が傾倒するのも、当然かもしれんな」",

> 			NULL, "\"...Perhaps it's no wonder Asami's so devoted to that too.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...Naturally, Asami would be devoted to that too.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f5e6d3>浅見</color>", NULL, "<color=#f5e6d3>Asami</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s14/00/vt4bb_asami1005", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "『ええ…確かに我々自身にとっては、体験上で覚えた知識と勘を文章にまとめ上げた内容がほとんどです。",

> 			NULL, "\"Yes... it's true that this writing's based heavily in the knowledge and intuition we've learned through experience.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Yes... it's true that this writing is based heavily on the knowledge and intuition we've learned through experience.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

			NULL, "\"...Still, most of the staff in the Second Division are going through the manual right now.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s14/00/vt4bb_asami1009", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "俺にも貸せ、写させろ、と。",

> 			NULL, " They're asking others to lend them theirs, or to make them a copy.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " They're asking people to lend them theirs, or to make them a copy.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

//r確かに巴自身の才覚は、そこまで卓越したものとはいえないかもしれない。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "確かに巴自身の才覚は、そこまで卓越したものとはいえないかもしれない。",

> 			NULL, "It was true that you could perhaps say Tomoe's talent wasn't all that outstanding.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Yes, you could perhaps say Tomoe's talent wasn't all that outstanding.", Line_Normal);
```

//r確か朝聞いた話だと、この後はＴＶ局で取材の予定が入っていたはずだ。巴は遅刻を嫌うので、そろそろ出発する時刻だろう。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "確か朝聞いた話だと、この後はＴＶ局で取材の予定が入っていたはずだ。巴は遅刻を嫌うので、そろそろ出発する時刻だろう。",

> 			NULL, "Madoka heard this morning that Tomoe was scheduled to have coverage at the TV station after this meeting. She loathed being late, so she'd probably leave sooner or later.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Madoka heard about it this morning, Tomoe was scheduled to have coverage at the TV station after this meeting. She loathed being late, so she'd probably leave sooner or later.", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//rその前に、一服を入れようと何か冷たいものを飲みたいと考える。…が、彼女の性格から誰かに淹れてもらうとか、買いに行かせるとはちょっと思えない。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "その前に、一服を入れようと何か冷たいものを飲みたいと考える。…が、彼女の性格から誰かに淹れてもらうとか、買いに行かせるとはちょっと思えない。",

> 			NULL, "Madoka figured that Tomoe would want to catch a quick cold drink beforehand, though. ...But knowing Tomoe, she wouldn't have someone make one for her or go out to buy it for her.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Madoka figured that Tomoe would want to quickly catch a cold drink beforehand, though. ...But knowing Tomoe, she wouldn't have someone make one for her or go out to buy it for her.", Line_Normal);
```

//rまどかは気持ちを奮い立たせて、握りしめた両手に力を込める。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "まどかは気持ちを奮い立たせて、握りしめた両手に力を込める。",

> 			NULL, "Madoka clenched her fists together to inspire herself.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Madoka clenched her fists to inspire herself.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#9d7f69>巴</color>", NULL, "<color=#9d7f69>Tomoe</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s14/28/vt4bb_tomoe1383", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「話…あるんでしょ？",

> 			NULL, "\"...You want to talk about something, right?", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...You wanted to talk about something, right?", Line_WaitForInput);
```

//rそれでも、事実を隠して山沖の両親に会うなんてことは、大好きな姉を裏切っている気がして、…せめて、筋は通しておこうと考えた末の決断だったのだ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "それでも、事実を隠して山沖の両親に会うなんてことは、大好きな姉を裏切っている気がして、…せめて、筋は通しておこうと考えた末の決断だったのだ。",

> 			NULL, "Even so, hiding facts about meeting with Yamaoki's parents would feel like betraying her beloved older sister... so after thinking, she made the decision to at least stick to her principles.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Even so, hiding facts about meeting with Yamaoki's parents would feel like betraying her beloved older sister... so after thinking it over, she made the decision to at least stick to her principles.", Line_Normal);
```

//rまどかの知る姉は、もっと厳しい人だった。だからこそ世間体、いや、それ以上に将来のことを考えて彼女と山沖との結婚を猛反対していたのだ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "まどかの知る姉は、もっと厳しい人だった。だからこそ世間体、いや、それ以上に将来のことを考えて彼女と山沖との結婚を猛反対していたのだ。",

> 			NULL, "The Tomoe Madoka knew was a stricter individual. That's why she was so vehemently opposed to her marriage to Yamaoki. She was thinking about appearances, but more than that, about her future.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "The Tomoe that Madoka knew was a stricter individual. That's why she was so vehemently opposed to her marriage to Yamaoki. She was thinking about appearances, but more than that, about her future.", Line_Normal);
```

//rひょっとして巴は、自分の生命をすべてこの数カ月に注ぎ込む覚悟でいるのだろうか。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "ひょっとして巴は、自分の生命をすべてこの数カ月に注ぎ込む覚悟でいるのだろうか。",
			NULL, "Perhaps Tomoe had gained the conviction to put her entire lifespan into these last few months.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rそれが、自分の至らなさで命を落とすことになってしまった少女への罪滅ぼしだと信じて、そして…。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "それが、自分の至らなさで命を落とすことになってしまった少女への罪滅ぼしだと信じて、そして…。",

> 			NULL, "Believing that she'd atone for causingr that girl's death, and then...", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Believing that she'd atone for causing that girl's death, and then...", Line_Normal);
```

//r手配中の犯人が凶行を働いて、犠牲者が出た時。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "手配中の犯人が凶行を働いて、犠牲者が出た時。",

> 			NULL, "Whenever a wanted criminal commits violence, claiming another victim.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Whenever a wanted criminal commits an act of violence, claiming another victim.", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//r容疑をかけられた人物が絶望して、自ら命を絶った時。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "容疑をかけられた人物が絶望して、自ら命を絶った時。",
			NULL, "Whenever a suspect falls into despair and takes their own life.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r…自分の至らなさのせいだと、悩み、苦しんで、…とことんまで自分を追い詰めてしまうのだ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…自分の至らなさのせいだと、悩み、苦しんで、…とことんまで自分を追い詰めてしまうのだ。",

> 			NULL, "...She always worries and suffers, blaming her own inadequacies... driving herself to the edge.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "...She's always worrying and suffering, blaming her own inadequacies... driving herself to the edge.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a4856e>まどか</color>", NULL, "<color=#a4856e>Madoka</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 29, "ps3/s14/29/vt4bb_madoka1061", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "『それに警察だって人間だから、…万能じゃないんです。",
			NULL, "\"Plus, the police are human beings... They're not omnipotent.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 29, "ps3/s14/29/vt4bb_madoka1062", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "間違いだってあるし、できないこともある』",
			NULL, " Even they make mistakes, and there are things they can't do.\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//まどかrvS14/29/VT4Bb_madoka1063.『それなのにお姉ちゃんは、いつもみんなに応えようと頑張って、あっちこっちに動き回って、…その分ボロボロになって、傷ついてる。kvS14/29/VT4Bb_madoka1064.もっと割り切ってやらなきゃ、ほんとに壊れちゃうのに…』
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a4856e>まどか</color>", NULL, "<color=#a4856e>Madoka</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 29, "ps3/s14/29/vt4bb_madoka1063", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "『それなのにお姉ちゃんは、いつもみんなに応えようと頑張って、あっちこっちに動き回って、…その分ボロボロになって、傷ついてる。",

> 			NULL, "\"Even so, Sis always put in so much work to respond to everyone, always moving here and there, ...exhausting herself, and enduring the pain.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Even so, Sis always put in so much effort to respond to everyone, always moving here and there... exhausting herself, and enduring the pain.", Line_WaitForInput);
```
